warning the video you're about to view
may contain sexual noises foul language
and is totally fucking awesome if you
wish to continue viewing it hit the like
and subscribe button
new
you
hey guys what's up and welcome to
another pink slips we have here today
I'm going to be doing the regular card
Santos version of Neymar now didn't
think this card was like worth that much
anymore but apparently is worth like
almost 100k so I've had it i thought hey
why not it's been my baby since the
beginning i've had this card since the
web app so if I lose it I want to be
really heartbroken I went ahead though
and i got on twitter wait a minute
before we get started here if you guys
are interested in getting some fifa 13
ultimate team coins check out fifo UT
course tour com they're very quick
service they get the coins to you within
5-10 minutes and they're reliable I
think they've got a little bit of time
left before they stop till they get onto
the fifa 14 i'm not really sure with
that but we'll see how it goes but i
went ahead and i got on twitter and i
asked people to send me game invites and
then i would choose someone a train them
so let's go ahead give it a second and
see who gives me the invite and then
we'll shoot someone at random alright
guys so it looks like I got some invites
here I'm gonna go ahead and close my
eyes I'm going to choose a training will
see exactly how this works out on the
scroll I'm gonna go up and I'm gonna go
down wait am I going up now going down I
go up and Here I am I have smokiest asp
912 let's accept this game right and
jump in there may be using my hub team
so that could hopefully keep Neymar
we'll see how this goes hey he's not
that good or you doesn't have a high
rate of team so
could go in my favor or oh wait he's
changing it on my way to go bro way to
go uh you gotta change cats dude yeah
better there we go all right so let's go
ahead and let's jump into this match and
see exactly goes let's look at his team
who does he have I can take these off to
be able to this oh my god that looks
Casey Oh Lee lovely this is going to be
interesting haha mamayang we'll see how
it goes so am I going to win my first
pink slips we will never know I'm
looking at myself my desk is moved on
with you noticed a divinity position my
desk has moved they'll show it to you at
some point but awkwardly looking at
myself because now my computers over
here anyway let's start oh my god
coaster cluster cluster cluster cluster
no no get this shit editor move it there
we go we're gonna be sweaty grammys oh
yes yes you just messed up you don't
messed up on my score I'm is for come on
baby come with the DA come on go fast go
faster than him cross
oh come we won that we went that come on
now oh I was right there I was right
there Wow oh my god I can't believe he
just made that oh my god who don't lose
my name or I can't do this I can't do
this come on I thought I was like
protecting the Tramp not even the case
pure sweat loan now you've done this to
yourself
yes baby oh why fuck i want to see these
stats let's take a look at this real
quick fifty a button please so they're
exactly the second what are we doing
that i thought there are going to be 0
get your head down come on we're gonna
go balance oh shit no I gave that right
to him know this is that going in it's
gonna be another pink slips lost bunny
I'm doing so well with this teach you oh
thank you up really good oh can this be
real life oh my god I give up I give up
Wow yes I get spinach cheese school what
I didn't go down with a doughnut oh and
that's the ball game guys so my last
streak on key slips continued which is
not a bad thing means you get to get a
card so ended up being like work that
for you guys not worth it for me kind of
sucks all right so it looks like he's
put a fillet up I don't really know how
to say
name but it's pretty okay card to trade
my amazing name are poor I guess let's
go ahead and let's make a trade offer on
it unfortunately my baby wait wait wait
I wanted to look at something with him
oh well it's too late to apologize we're
going to do it here's the trade offer
I'm making the offer good bye good bye
Neymar I'm going to miss you it's
probably going to accept it while I'm
waiting to tell you all that if you guys
like this video I would like you to not
forget to thumbs up button hopefully if
all goes right we can get this to say
five or six hundred likes and i'll go
ahead and i'll do another one which is
pretty much come down to be the free
card giveaway i'm going to win 14 fifa
14 i will win 1 i'm just letting you
know maybe the luck will be in my favor
maybe i'll just use a different team
that works anyway if you haven't
subscribed to me already why the hell
not you should and until next time get
bang big nerds